What!
Wuji, you are too impulsive.
Why come back and die?
Ye Wuyu
I didn't expect you to have some courage
Zhao Linfeng, as I said
You owe me
I'm sure I don't have to be unlucky at all
Humph today
The death of Zhao Yunfeng
I'll let you take a good look at the gap between us
See clearly
Now I'm a member of the four companies
You are now on your knees begging for mercy
I can still leave you a whole body
Who will forgive whom is not certain
This business group has gone crazy
How dare you provoke Zhao Ling?
I see.
This business has no progress in two years of cultivation
Another public divorce
It may have been broken.
I'd like to see it
How did this second grade recruit me, this fourth grade?
Sipin is amazing
Zhao Lifang
This uncle's dog eyes showed me clearly
4 horses why are you also 4 horses
Hahahaha
Good job.
Ye Wuji
You have been trapped in the second grade for many years
Now finally accumulated
I arrived at the Siping warship
Hahahaha
Wang Zhishi, you are too happy
My son has already mastered Hao
The most powerful esoteric art of the Japanese sect
Mysterious Art Flying Haori Sword
What about the four grades at the same time?
Ye Wuji is dead today